Question 1.
Let is used to declare variables that are limited to the scope of a block statement, or an expression on which it is used.

Const is used to declare variables. The value of a constant can't be changed through reassignment (i.e. by using the assignment operator), and it can't be redeclared Therefore const declaration creates block-scoped constants.

Var is used to declare a variable globally, or locally to an entire function regardless of block scope.


Therefore if you do not want a variable declared inside a scope to be accessed outside of the scope, then declare the variable using the let or const keywords.

Variables declared with the var keyword inside a scope are accessible outside of the block as well.

Question 2.

 A defined variable can be used after a value has been assigned to it.

Question 3.

A string can be declared by using the let, var or const keywords
followed by an alphanumeric word that starts with an underscore or an alphabet. This is the variable's name.

Then an equal to sign is placed at the right-hand side of the variable name.

An alphanumeric word(s) is then put in between two double quotation marks then
placed to the right-hand side of the equal sign.

Finally, a semi-colon is placed on the right-hand side of the last double quotation.

Question 4.

In Javascript, strings are created using either single or double quotes. Javascript attempts to convert any value placed in single or double quotation marks.



Question 5.

The number nine places in between two double quotation marks is a string.
The number nine is a number or integer.


Question 6.

Declaration involves using the var, let or const keywords to prefix a variable name in the process of storing data values.

Redeclaration occurs when a formal parameter or a declared variable is declared which is very similar to an existing declared variable.


An assignment is a process where a declared variable is given a value
to store/represent in memory.

Reassignment is the process where the value of an assigned declared variable is
replaced with a specified value and the previous value is lost.


In other words the differences between declaration,
redeclaration, assignment and reassignment can be simplified because:

Var can be redeclared and reassigned

Let cannot be redeclared but it can be reassigned

Const cannot be redeclared nor reassigned